Create 2020-01-07-Zcash-Community-Call-Our-Thoughts-On-Halo.md (#133)
ZcashFoundation/zfnd: _posts/blog/2020-01-07-Zcash-Community-Call-Our-Thoughts-On-Halo.md

6. Have a deprecation proposal, so that if this new feature needs to be migrated away from in the future, protocol complexity stays down over time.
7. **Most critically, wallet developers, exchanges, and node developers should be given sufficient time to review all of these changes.**

We do not expect ECC to address each of these points immediately, nor do we ask that they perform these tasks on their own. Zcash Foundation is happy to assist both financially with outside review efforts and provide developer resources to make sure that the Halo 2 launch is successful.

At the same time, we believe that achieving these tasks on a realistic timeline will take substantially more than the approximately 4-5 months that remain between the current publication schedule for ZIP 224 in late January and the current proposed launch date for Halo on mainnet this June. We are asking ECC to make a firm commitment to meeting each of the requirements above, and to [propose a concrete timeline](https://docs.google.com/drawings/d/1WAvIkVBv_fC4L4wDoAJaMTYVh3dJbwhR5YuP5HgOjFw/edit) that allows the necessary sequenced review and ecosystem upgrades to take place.

> **[We would like to discuss these proposed requirements with the community on January 14 at 22:30 UTC. You can sign up here to participate the conversation](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ESj4pz3ZvaH9nHbxZOygKXZS8-Gf8hXkwseODef8Vsg/edit#responses).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We would like to discuss these proposed requirements with the community on January 14 at 22:30 UTC. You can sign up [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ESj4pz3ZvaH9nHbxZOygKXZS8-Gf8hXkwseODef8Vsg/edit#responses) to participate in the call.**
```

---
layout: post
title: "Zcash Community Call: Our Thoughts on Halo"
excerpt: "Join us on January 14."
categories: blog
Tags: 
date: 2021-01-08
author: zfteam
---

> **[Please join us January 14 at 22:30 UTC to discuss Halo. You can sign up here to participate the conversation](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ESj4pz3ZvaH9nHbxZOygKXZS8-Gf8hXkwseODef8Vsg/edit#responses)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please join us January 14 at 22:30 UTC to discuss Halo. You can sign up [here](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1ESj4pz3ZvaH9nHbxZOygKXZS8-Gf8hXkwseODef8Vsg/edit#responses) to participate**.
```
